INTMDB-314 Cluster Tenant Upgrade (#874)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/cluster.html.markdown

~> **IMPORTANT:**
<br> &#8226; New Users: If you are not already using `mongodbatlas_cluster` for your deployment we recommend starting with the [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster).  `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` has all the same functionality as `mongodbatlas_cluster` but also supports multi-cloud clusters.  
<br> &#8226; Free tier cluster creation (M0) is supported.

> <br> &#8226; Shared tier clusters (M0, M2, M5) are supported.
> ```
> provider_instance_size_name = "M0"
> provider_name               = "TENANT"
> backing_provider_name       = "AWS"
> ```

Reviewer: We have examples in the examples below of both a free shared tier and regular shard tier so I don't think we need to state this.  I get why you added, due to the free tier explicitly being called out above in line 19. We just have that as it used to not be the case so we still get asked on it.  Hence leaving it specifically called out here. 
```suggestion
```

> <br> &#8226; Shared tier clusters can now be upgraded to higher tiers via API or by this Provider. WARNING! Any change from shared tier to a different instance size will be considered a tenant upgrade. When upgrading from shared tier, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" and to your preferred provider, remove `backing_provider_name`, ex:

Reviewer: Needs the hashes for the example config but couldn't get it to work in suggestion mode:
```suggestion
<br> &#8226; Shared tier clusters (M0, M2, M5) can be upgraded to dedicated tiers (M10+) via this provider. WARNING WHEN UPGRADING TENANT/SHARED CLUSTERS!!! Any change from shared tier to a different instance size will be considered a tenant upgrade. When upgrading from shared tier to dedicated simply change the `provider_name` from "TENANT"  to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP, AZURE) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`, for example if you have an existing tenant/shared cluster and want to upgrade you Terraform config should be changed from:
```provider_instance_size_name = "M0"
```provider_name               = "TENANT"
```backing_provider_name       = "AWS"
To:
```
